because a lot of people don't show up
the Monday after Super Bowl this is one
of the biggest days of the year to skip
work they call it football hangover day
it's more than what a 17 million
Americans were expected to call in sick
to work today which I get I overdid it
to you I had so much to eat and drink
yesterday I started to hallucinate I
woke up on my couch I don't know what
time it was but I woke up and I imagined
I saw little Wayne
dressed as a robot the best part of the
Super Bowl for me this year was knowing
that Matt Damon spent the day sobbing
into his Tom Brady so it was a good game
a fun game to watch the Kansas City
Chiefs as you know came back from a
ten-point deficit the fourth quarter to
beat the 49ers and when their first
title in 50 years which to put that in
perspective the last time the Chiefs won
the Super Bowl the Jackson 5 had their
first number-one hit true Marcus Welby
was the most popular show on TV and
Bernie Sanders had just had his first
great-grandchild
because he's old dear mom I know running
back Damian Williams is here tonight
from the damien scored two touchdowns in
the fourth quarter so he's a happy guy
JLo and Shakira did the halftime show
most everyone seemed to like that
including former Florida Governor Jeb
Bush who wrote best Super Bowl halftime
show ever period no exclamation point
low energy low energy that's just Jabby
from the block he's you know according
to USA Today they the most popular
Superbowl commercial was the Jeep ad
where Bill Murray wrote around with a
groundhog and the least like commercial
coming in at number 62 of 62 was for
Donald Trump's reelection campaign
that's Donald Trump is less popular than
Scientology in a hummus Trump did weigh
in after the game with well wishes for
the winners he wrote congratulations to
the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game
and a fantastic comeback under immense
pressure you represented the great state
of Kansas and in fact the entire USA so
unfortunately for the president of the
Chiefs are not in Kansas they're in
Missouri Kansas City Missouri so Trump
had to delete and correct the tweet I
wonder who the lucky staffer who had to
tell him that
I think that's when they send in Ivanka
in those situations it's tell them of
course because he's done but sometimes I
think sometimes I think Trump might be
doing this on purpose to find out which
of his back slappers go deepest up his
butt for instance there's a guy named
max lap who runs the Conservative
Political Action Conference he lept to
the president's defense he wrote dear
East Coast establishment Kansas City
Kansas is in Kansas would write yeah
there's one but that's not the Kansas
City where the Chiefs play which is
clearly what Trump was referring to but
I guess that's the kind of person you
grow up to be when your name is match
flap that guy's a real match flap I
don't know what happened
Trump must have worked up quite a sweat
gorging on chicken wings last night
because this was his official schedule
today as released by the White House
first order of business of the day 12:30
p.m. tuna salad sandwich with Mike Pence
and then that's it and who do you think
dreads that lunch more Trump or pence I
think it's a toss-up I really do Trump
did take time yesterday to spoon with
his pal Sean Hannity on the Super Bowl
pregame show these guys are very tight
but if you were expecting a line of
softball questions from Sean well yeah
that's exactly what happened what do you
love about sports well it is it sort of
a little bit of a microcosm of life you
know you have winners you have champions
you have people that you expect to see
that final play you have great coaches
like Belichick you have people that you
expect more out of and oftentimes they
produce then you have people that you
just don't expect they're gonna do it
and oftentimes they don't it's a
microcosm of life
yeah okay same question this time answer
in English please so we can understand
it this is quite an interview
you know when Obama Obama did his first
Super Bowl interview on Fox with Bill
O'Reilly it was a big deal but they
talked about a lot of issues including
health care President Trump used his
time to roast battle his rivals and just
think of Sleepy Eye just watch him he's
sleepy sleepy Joe I think he's a
communist I mean you know look I think
of communism what I think of Bernie that
you could say socialist but did they get
married in Moscow that's how Pocahontas
got started
everything's a fairy tale this woman
can't tell the truth you know now he
wants a box for the debates to stand on
okay it's okay
there's nothing wrong you could be short
why should he get a box to stand on okay
he wants a box for the debates why
should he be entitled that I really then
does that mean everyone else gets a box
whether this box thing was directed at
former York Mayor Michael Bloomberg who
Trump claims without any evidence that I
know that this seems to be something he
made up that Bloomberg is asked to stand
on a box for the next day because he's
short Trump calls Bloomberg mini Mike
again because he's short while Bloomberg
himself took the high road one of his
senior advisors a guy named Tim O'Brien
did not I've been asked a lot lately cuz
Trump has been coming after Mike so much
you know what's it like to be in Donald
Trump's head so much and what I've said
to people when you get inside Donald
Trump's head all you're gonna discover
that you find there is a putter a
cheeseburger a porn video and somebody
else's credit card
dr. Bronson
ever made for quite a bumper sticker
are they the impeachment trial is still
going on it's not over it's like a
football team with a 30-point lead
running out the clock today they had
closing arguments which we're very much
like the opening arguments but without
any witnesses or evidence in between if
we have to hand it to Mitch McConnell
for cutting out the middleman getting
right to the verdict being innocent as
I'm sure you know Republicans in the
Senate on Friday voted to not hear from
witnesses in this trial with the
exception of Mitt Romney of Utah and
Susan Collins of Maine Susan Collins
voted for witnesses but only after
waiting to make sure her vote wouldn't
matter at all today Kenneth Starr today
Trump's attorney referenced dr. Martin
Luther King jr. when he was defending
Trump so happy Black History Month
everybody at least irony and democracy
died together I think that's it the
president took a victory lap on the
links this weekend on Saturday he
tweeted getting a little exercise this
morning which for the record if the
activity you're doing involves you
getting driven around in a pair of
Dockers with a 52 inch waist that's not
exercise let's call it something new
analysts are saying
worried that once he is acquitted by the
Senate a Trump will be even more
reckless and he's been so far now that
he knows there's no penalty for abuse of
office he will be drunk with powers the
concern and the president was in Iowa
ahead of the caucus there where we
slowed that drunken power down to half
speed for tonight's Village People
edition of drunk Donald Trump YMCA so
when you having a hard time do what you
said just think of the song YMCA and you
[Music]
the Iowa caucus is the big deal of the
day for Democrats today why I still
don't know the Iowa caucus is are a lot
like Polaroid cameras in that no one
understands how they work
Iowa gets to go first because I don't
know I guess they have nothing else to
look forward to but if you live in Iowa
you don't actually have to be in Iowa to
cast your vote this is from a what they
call a satellite caucus in Port
Charlotte Florida this is where the
snowbirds from Iowa go and this just
tells you caucus wise all you need to
know about this process especially when
you throw a little Florida in the mix
one steyr two Warren twelve yang one and
I don't have uncommitted yet was there
were there any in committee
what about deceased is anyone diseased
now okay good luck having that
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it